Hi. Today my friend Ashley is coming over. I am showing her my new apartment. Oh, that's Ashley calling.
●●●
●●
●
Hi Ashley. Hi Anna. I'm coming to your apartment. Where is your apartment?
My apartment is near the Columbia Heights metro.
●●●
●●
●
It is near the Columbia Heights metro.
Yes. Exit the metro and turn right. Then at the bus station turn left then walk straight ahead.
●●●
●●
●
Okay. Exit metro, turn right, turn left then go straight ahead.
Yes, my apartment is near a coffee shop.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, see you soon.
Hi Ashley.
●●●
●●
●
Hello Ana. Which coffee shop? There are three coffee shops. Okay. My apartment is across from a big department store. A big department store. Ah, I see it.
Okay, bye Ashley. See you soon.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, see you soon. Ashley. Ashley. Ashley. Over here. Donna. Hi. Ok. I love having my friends over. Come on. Hey.